Now the other thing that I want to do with the website is, if we have a look at Thomas Cormen’s site, you
can see that he's got his picture on the left and his name and his title and his blurb next to that
image.
And that's quite a nice layout.
So we can do that here as well. We’re going to have our image on the left and all of this on the right next
to the image.
Now because we haven't yet spoken about CSS and styling, if we wanted to only use pure HTML to affect
how this part of our web site looks then we can use our tables to do that.
So let's go up here where the body of our web sites begins.
And let's add a table. Let’s add a table row.
And inside this row it's only going to have two table cells or td elements.
And the first td element is going to contain the image and the second td element is going to contain all of
this up to the horizontal rule.
So let's just cut it and paste it into here.
Now we can hit save and let's refresh our page and you can see that we're getting close to this kind
of structure where we've got a single table with only two columns and two cells,
this being one cell and this being the other cell.
And that allows us to get this kind of layout for our web site.
Now you can see here that there's a little bit of a gap between the image and the text whereas on our
site it's right up next to the image.
Now if you wanted to increase that distance then you can achieve that by changing the table’s cell spacing.
And if you have a look in the attributes you can see this attribute called cell spacing which defines
the size of the space between two cells in a percentage value or pixels.
So let's go ahead and add some spacing to our table.
So inside our table element we're going to use cell spacing and let's set it to equal 20 and hit save
and then let's go and have a look.
Nice.
That looks pretty good, right?